Add UE Crash Reporter and Sentry Unreal SDK comparison (#12763)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unreal/configuration/setup-crashreporter/index.mdx

<Alert>☝ This feature is supported on Windows, Linux, and Android.</Alert>

<Include name="store-minidumps-as-attachments-configuration" />

> ## Sentry SDK and UE Crash Reporter feature comparison

Reviewer: I think this should live up higher in the page. 

Since I believe folks will just get started with adding it before they even realize this.

Author: Good point, I've moved this to the top.

| Feature                      | Sentry SDK                 | Crash Reporter         |
|------------------------------|----------------------------|------------------------|
| Supported engine versions    | All UE 5 and UE 4.27       | Built-in engine tool   |
| Supported platforms          | Desktop, mobile, consoles  | Desktop                |
| Crash capturing *            | Supported **               | Supported              |
| Additonal event context      | Supported                  | Supported              |
| Automatic breadcrumbs        | Supported                  | Not supported          |
| Screenshot attachment        | Supported ***              | Not supported          |
| Crash events filtering       | Supported ***              | Not supported          |
| Release health monitoring    | Supported                  | Not supported          |
| Performance insights         | Supported                  | Not supported          |

Legend:
`*`: On Windows, the underlying crash capturing mechanisms used in the Sentry SDK and the UE Crash Reporter are mutually exclusive.
`**`: On Windows, crash capturing is supported out of the box starting from UE 5.2.

> `***`: Currently this features is supported only on Windows/Linux.

Reviewer: Can we link to GitHub tickets tracking this?

### Using Sentry SDK and UE Crash Reporter together on Windows

> For crash captuirng users must choose between the two options: the built-in crash hadnler or the `sentry-native` library that's integrated into the Sentry SDK. The two mechanisms are mutually exclusive and can't be used simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For crash capturing, users must choose between the two options: the built-in crash handler or the `sentry-native` library that's integrated into the Sentry SDK for Unreal Engine. The two mechanisms are mutually exclusive and can't be used simultaneously.
```
